Audience observability and monitoring features (#7312)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/audiences/index.md

> warning ""
> You can't edit an audience to include anonymous users. If you need to include anonymous profiles, recreate the audience with the appropriate conditions

## Monitor the health of your Audience syncs

Use Segment's [Delivery Overview](#delivery-overview) and [Alerting](#alerting) features to monitor the health of your Audience syncs and get notifications when event volume spikes or drops. 

### Delivery Overview

Delivery Overview is a visual observability tool designed to help Segment users diagnose event delivery issues for any event-streaming destination receiving events from Engage Audiences.

Delivery Overview has three core features:

> - [Pipeline view](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#pipeline-view): A visual overview of each step your data takes during the delivery process - from when your source receives audience events to when events are successfully delivered to your connected destination. 

Reviewer: "from when your source receives audience events"
Is that true, because later in the docs (in this commit) it says otherwise (it says "Events from audience")?
If we are referring to the engage shadow source then customers arent aware of this source and we should change this line to be " from events outputted from your Audience to when ...."

> - [Pipeline view](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#pipeline-view): A visual overview of each step your data takes during the delivery process - from when your source receives audience events to when events are successfully delivered to your connected destination. 

Author: ```suggestion
- [Pipeline view](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#pipeline-view): A visual overview of each step your data takes during the delivery process - from when your audiences outputs events to when events are successfully delivered to your connected destination. 
```

> - [Breakdown table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#breakdown-table): If you select a step in the pipeline view, you can see more detail about the events that were processed at each pipeline step.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Breakdown table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#breakdown-table): If you select a step in the pipeline view, you can see more details about the events that were processed at each pipeline step.
```

> - [Discard table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#discard-table): If you select an event in a breakdown table, you can see more details about the events that failed or were filtered out of your process and allows you to inspect samples of them.

Reviewer: If you select an event in a breakdown table, you can see more details about the events that failed or were filtered out of your process and you can inspect samples of them.

> - [Discard table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#discard-table): If you select an event in a breakdown table, you can see more details about the events that failed or were filtered out of your process and allows you to inspect samples of them.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Discard table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#discard-table): If you select an event in a breakdown table, you can see more details about the events that failed or were filtered out of your process. You can also inspect samples of the discarded events.
```

For more information about the breakdown and discard tables, see the [Delivery Overview](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/) documentation.

To view Delivery Overview for an Audience:
1. From your Segment workspace's home page, navigate to **Engage > Audiences**.
2. Find an Audience, click the **(...)** menu, and select Delivery Overview. 

> 3. On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or toggle the Show metrics as percentages toggle on to view your metrics as percentages. 

Reviewer: Change

> On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or toggle the Show metrics as percentages toggle on to view your metrics as percentages. 

to

> On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or toggle the Show metrics option to view your metrics as percentages.

> 3. On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or toggle the Show metrics as percentages toggle on to view your metrics as percentages. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or use the Show metrics toggle to view your metrics as percentages.
```

You can also further refine the data displayed on the pipeline view using the time picker and the metric toggle, located under the destination header. With the time picker, you can specify a time period (last 10 minutes, 1 hour, 24 hours, 7 days, 2 weeks, or a custom date range over the last two weeks) for which you’d like to see data. With the metric toggle, you can switch between seeing metrics represented as percentages (for example, _85% of events_ or _an 133% increase in events_) or as counts (_13 events_ or _an increase of 145 events_.) Delivery Overview shows percentages by default.

> info "Linked Audiences have additional filtering functionality"
> Linked Audiences users can filter the Delivery Overview event pipeline by [Linked Audience events](/docs/engage/audiences/linked-audiences/#step-2c-define-how-and-when-to-trigger-an-event-to-your-destination). For more information, see the [Linked Audiences](/docs/engage/audiences/linked-audiences/#delivery-overview-for-linked-audiences) documentation.

Audiences have the following steps in the pipeline view: 

> - **Events from audience**<sup>*</sup>: Events that Segment created for your activation. The number of events for each compute depends on the changes detected in your audience membership.

Reviewer: Events that Segment created for your activation. The number of events depends on the changes detected in your audience membership.

> - **Events from audience**<sup>*</sup>: Events that Segment created for your activation. The number of events for each compute depends on the changes detected in your audience membership.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Events that Segment created for your activation**<sup>*</sup>: The number of events for each compute depends on the changes detected in your audience membership.
```

- **Successful delivery**: Events that Segment successfully delivered to your destination. You’ll see these events in your downstream integrations.

<sup>*</sup>_The "Events from audience" step is currently only available for Linked Audiences._

### Alerting

Create alerts related to the performance and throughput of Audience syncs and receive in-app, email, and Slack notifications when event volume fluctuations occur.

> info "Generate a Slack webhook to receive Slack notifications"
> To receive an alert in a Slack channel, you must first create a Slack webhook. For more information about Slack webhooks, see Slack's [Sending messages using incoming webhooks](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks){:target="_blank”} documentation.

To access Audience alerting, navigate to **Engage > Audiences**, select an Audience, and click the Alerts tab.

On the Alerts tab, you can create new alerts and view all active alerts for this connection. You can only edit or delete the alerts that you create, unless you have the [Workspace Owner role](/docs/segment-app/iam/roles/).

> #### Activation event health spikes or drops

Reviewer: This is a nitpick, but is Activation event health spikes or drops the name of the alert? If yes, should the full name be capitalized (whenever referenced in the section)? I bring it up as the first read through I didn't understand that that was the name and I thought the grammar was off. Plus Delivery Overview is called out as Delivery Overview not Delivery overview

> You can create an Activation event health spikes or drops alert that notifies you when events sent from your audience to a downstream destination have failures to a destination above a certain threshold. For example, if you set a change percentage of 4% and your destination received 100 events from your Audience over the first 24 hours, Segment would notify you the following day if your destination ingested fewer than 96 or more than 104 events.

Reviewer: For consideration, change

> You can create an Activation event health spikes or drops alert that notifies you when events sent from your audience to a downstream destination have failures to a destination above a certain threshold.
to

> You can create an Activation Event Health Spikes or Drops alert that notifies you when events sent from your audience to a downstream destination decrease (such as failures to a destination) or increases above a certain threshold.

- [Discard table](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#discard-table): If you select an event in a breakdown table, you can see more details about the events that failed or were filtered out of your process. You can also inspect samples of the discarded events.

For more information about the breakdown and discard tables, see the [Delivery Overview](/docs/connections/delivery-overview/) documentation.

To view Delivery Overview for an Audience:
1. From your Segment workspace's home page, navigate to **Engage > Audiences**.
2. Find an Audience, click the **(...)** menu, and select Delivery Overview. 
3. On the Delivery Overview page, select the Audience dropdown to filter by a specific Audience, select the Date range dropdown to filter by a specific time period, or use the Show metrics toggle to view your metrics as percentages.

#### Steps in the pipeline view

By default, Segment displays Delivery Overview information for all Audiences connected to your destination. You can filter your Delivery Overview pipeline view by an individual Audience for more granular data. 

> You can also further refine the data displayed on the pipeline view using the time picker and the metric toggle, located under the destination header. With the time picker, you can specify a time period (last 10 minutes, 1 hour, 24 hours, 7 days, 2 weeks, or a custom date range over the last two weeks) for which you’d like to see data. With the metric toggle, you can switch between seeing metrics represented as percentages (for example, _85% of events_ or _an 133% increase in events_) or as counts (_13 events_ or _an increase of 145 events_.) Delivery Overview shows percentages by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also further refine the data displayed on the pipeline view using the time picker and the metric toggle, located under the destination header. With the time picker, you can specify a time period (last 10 minutes, 1 hour, 24 hours, 7 days, 2 weeks, or a custom date range over the last two weeks) for which you’d like to see data. With the metric toggle, you can switch between seeing metrics represented as percentages (for example, _85% of events_ or _a 133% increase in events_) or as counts (_13 events_ or _an increase of 145 events_.) Delivery Overview shows percentages by default.
```

To access Audience alerting, navigate to **Engage > Audiences**, select an Audience, and click the Alerts tab.

On the Alerts tab, you can create new alerts and view all active alerts for this connection. You can only edit or delete the alerts that you create, unless you have the [Workspace Owner role](/docs/segment-app/iam/roles/).

#### Activation event health spikes or drops

You can create an Activation event health spikes or drops alert that notifies you when events sent from your audience to a downstream destination have failures to a destination above a certain threshold. For example, if you set a change percentage of 4% and your destination received 100 events from your Audience over the first 24 hours, Segment would notify you the following day if your destination ingested fewer than 96 or more than 104 events.

To create an Activation event health spikes or drops alert: 
1. From your Segment workspace's home page, navigate to **Engage > Audiences**. 
2. Select the Audience you want to create an alert for, select the Alerts tab, and click **Create alert**. 
3. On the Create alert sidesheet, select the destination for which you'd like to monitor event health. 

> 4. Enter a percentage of activation event health that you'd like to be notified for. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Enter a percentage threshold for activation event health notifications
```

This original sentence confused me a bit, maybe something like this?

5. Select one or more of the following alert channels:
  - **Email**: Select this to receive notifications at the provided email address. 
  - **Slack**: Select this to send alerts to one or more channels in your workspace. 
  - **In-app**: Select this to receive notifications in the Segment app. To view your notifications, select the bell next to your user icon in the Segment app. 
6. Click **Save**.

> To make changes to a Activation event health spikes or drops alert, select the icon in the Actions column for the alert and click **Edit**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make changes to an Activation event health spikes or drops alert, select the icon in the Actions column for the alert and click **Edit**. 
```

This one is a style choice really, but that's what I'd do.
